Fix formatting (#3)
dataiku/dss-plugin-nlp-google-cloud-translation: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Version 1.0.2](https://github.com/dataiku/dss-plugin-nlp-google-cloud-translation/releases/tag/v1.0.2) - Bugfix release - 2021-07

> - 🐛 Fixed formatting to default to Text and allow changing to HTML to avoid escaping of characters like '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🐛 Fixed default input format to Text instead of HTML to avoid escaping special characters e.g., ' → &#39
```
